what's up guys today I have a new burrs
match vs kyo 392 a friend of mine and
i'm using the team that my boy problems
gave me and before I actually start
nearing the match I just want to say you
guys should definitely go check out my
opponent he's a very good narrator he
recently started but he's really good
and he knows how to outplay and you know
he just had excellent content so I
definitely encourage you to check him
out so I leave off a grad on he leads
off with rocky on I decided as opposed
to going for my stealth rocks I would be
more aggressive from turn 1 and go right
for the dragon tail expecting him to
want to go out to his Giratina as I do
end up catching that Giratina so I can
force him out bringing in his T tar
which is honestly the best possible
switch for me because he can't do
anything to me I can get up my stealth
rocks scare him out with the possible
earthquake and he ends I'm going out to
his fortress so because I'm thinking
that he knows that my RCC is a ghost
type he's not gonna go right for the
rabbit spin I figured he would just go
for one of his hazards so I do in the
forcing amount once again with the
dragon tail into his Arceus grass
revealing that it is a Narcisse grass
and I don't want to stay in since the
judgment or ice beam is coming my way so
I'm gonna switch out into my fortress as
he hasn't been going right for the
judgement now this fortress Ashley
doesn't have any IVs and anything but
attacked
it's a customary fortress and I'm not
really gonna go into more detail than
that so in the case I'm thinking that he
doesn't pack fire blasts or flamethrower
because he's not on a Sun team so I
would go for my first layer of spikes as
he ends up going out into his Giratina
and I don't want this thing getting a
free sub on me since sub Giratina is the
most common set or one of the most
common sets right now but he ends up
being mixed Giratina something you
haven't seen or I haven't seen in a long
time but it's able to knock me out
because my fortress is basically weak as
hell as
now I can go out to my Darkrai I figured
because he is low I would just try and
pick him off with a dark post no need
going for the dark board and having him
pick what I put to sleep so I do around
for the dark post he does break that
very nicely and then going out to his
Taraki on and he gets that delicious
nutritious justified boost it has been a
long time since anyone has said that but
yeah this is a plus one scarf Taraki on
so essentially it's banded and scarf and
I'm scared but because I do have a lot
EOS and an R sees ghosts I'm thinking
that he's gonna want to go for the Stone
Edge trying to catch one of those two
things and not the
these close comments so I haven't make
me switch into my ground expecting that
stone edge knowing that I could take it
even if it is plus one and get up my son
as he doesn't going right for that stone
edge and now what I can do is go right
for the dragon tail since it will
basically hurt everything on his team
and if he switches out I can just phase
it more and I do have a spike and stop
the rocks up so he ends up staying in
making a good play expecting my dragon
tail so he just want to get some more
damage off of my Groudon and I am the
forcing him out into his Arceus grass
now because he is getting rather low I
thought that he would go before they
recover this turn which is why I stayed
in the run for the dragon tail but he
ends was going round for the ice cream
knowing that it would knock on my
Groudon and if I did switch out into my
latias it would also get off some damage
so I do lose the weather war but I
really wasn't too worried since he
doesn't have like an extra drill or
something along those lines so now I go
out to my dark for I am gonna go right
forward the Dark Void and now because I
lost my grad on I'm thinking he's gonna
try and switch in his t tar on the
obvious dark pulse so I am gonna go
right for the folks blast as he doesn't
I'm going out into his tea tar trying to
get a key standing it's trying to bring
it in on a dark pulse but no I didn't go
around for the life warm out folks last
and since you know most heat ours in
ubers run Lum Mary or leftovers they
don't run choppa berry so there's no way
in hell he is living this focused class
so I am gonna knock it out as the
sandstorm and the poison plus my own
life work damage is really wearing me
down I believe I'm down to almost one
more hit yeah basically one more hit
which is why he's gonna go out to his
artsy's grass I don't want to lose my
dark ride just yet so I'm gonna make the
switch into my lolly I seen that he was
trying to wear me down with the lipo of
that way he doesn't have to play around
this dark ride which is why I do end up
switching out to my Latios and sandstorm
just show that you have speed so I'm
basically free to just go for any
attacking I didn't he basically couldn't
touch me so I can go right with the
psyshock I can knock him out I went for
size shock as opposed to dragon post
trying to fake him out that I maybe I
have HP fire all those lives I don't
know I just went for size shock just to
go for it as now he goes out to his
fortress because I do have the RCS ghost
I am just gonna go right into it knowing
that fortress cannot really touch me I
don't want to risk him spinning away my
stuff rocks as he doesn't good for the
toxic trying to maybe knowing that my
Lodi ass was also calm my Marian so he
wanted to go for the toxic just to
cripple me but now I can show my trump
card
or my little surprise is fireblast most
Arceus do run focus blast but this one
runs firebox where Ashley's ghost rather
and I can easily knock out that fortress
and basically my hazards are here to
stay for the remainder of the battle so
now as we go out to a zekrom I don't
really know what type of Decker on me is
whether he's scarf or banded or like
life orb or sub home cost so I decided
to just switch out into my dark ride not
really wanting to risk my Arceus ghost I
was kind of debating this play a lot
because I wasn't sure what I really
wanted to do but in the end I didn't
going out to dark ride hands informer
for the Draco meteor maybe knowing that
if I did go for the recover life for mix
Zack crops Draco meteor would definitely
destroyed my Arceus so now that I know
he is life-form I can easily just go out
to my latias I can out speed him go
right for the dragon pulse at that range
of each piece so do boost it Zechariah
is definitely going down this Creek did
not matter at all and all he has left is
his Taraki on and his Giratina Giratina
cannot knock me out with shadow sneak at
this range of HP and Taraki island
cannot knock me out with stone edge or
ex scissors so he's forced the glance
was too rocky Oni is gonna go for the
stone edge unfortunately he does miss I
mean he couldn't use HP Rock he could've
used his own sandstorm if he didn't want
to miss you know what as a rock type
attack
I think but either way he did miss which
only means that the score is gonna be a
bit higher in my favor because his dear
Tina's shouts neke is not gonna be able
to knock me out if he did hit I would
obviously have been able to knock him
out but then I could finish off his last
Giratina with either my own arse his
ghost which could also live a shadow
sneak or my own Taraki on but yeah good
game guys
kiyo not really you guys you guys
weren't playing but guys go check him
out
like I said you should definitely drop
us up so until next time guys later